# DestinyDefinitionsDestinyInventoryItemDefinition

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**display_properties** | [**ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsCommonDestinyDisplayPropertiesDefinition**](ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsCommonDestinyDisplayPropertiesDefinition.md) |  | [optional] 
**secondary_icon** | **str** | A secondary icon associated with the item.  Currently this is used in very context specificapplications, such as Emblem Nameplates. | [optional] 
**secondary_overlay** | **str** | Pulled from the secondary icon, this is the \&quot;secondary background\&quot; of the secondaryicon.  Confusing?  Sure, that&#39;s why I call it \&quot;overlay\&quot; here: because as far as it&#39;sbeen used thus far, it has been for an optional overlay image.  We&#39;ll see if that holds up,but at least for now it explains what this image is a bit better. | [optional] 
**secondary_special** | **str** | Pulled from the Secondary Icon, this is the \&quot;special\&quot; background for the item.For Emblems, this is the background image used on the Details view: but it neednot be limited to that for other types of items. | [optional] 
**screenshot** | **str** | If we were able to acquire an in-game screenshot for the item, the path to that screenshotwill be returned here.  Note that not all items have screenshots: particularly not any non-equippableitems. | [optional] 
**item_type_display_name** | **str** | The localized title/name of the item&#39;s type.  This can be whatever the designers want, and has no guaranteeof consistency between items. | [optional] 
**item_type_and_tier_display_name** | **str** | It became a common enough pattern in our UI to show Item Type and Tier combined into a single localizedstring that I&#39;m just going to go ahead and start pre-creating these for items. | [optional] 
**display_source** | **str** | In theory, it is a localized string telling you about how you can find the item.I really wish this was more consistent.  Many times, it has nothing.  Sometimes, it&#39;s instead a more narrative-forwarddescription of the item.  Which is cool, and I wish all properties had that data, but it should really beits own property. | [optional] 
**tooltip_style** | **str** | An identifier that the game UI uses to determine what type of tooltip to show for the item.  These have nocorresponding definitions that BNet can link to: so it&#39;ll be up to you to interpret and display your UI differentlyaccording to these styles (or ignore it). | [optional] 
**investment_stats** | [**list[ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsDestinyItemInvestmentStatDefinition]**](ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsDestinyItemInvestmentStatDefinition.md) | If the item has stats, this block will be defined.  It has the \&quot;raw\&quot; investment stats for the item.These investment stats don&#39;t take into account the ways that the items can spawn, nor do they takeinto account any Stat Group transformations.  I have retained them for debugging purposes, but Ido not know how useful people will find them. | [optional] 
**perks** | [**list[ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsDestinyItemPerkEntryDefinition]**](ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsDestinyItemPerkEntryDefinition.md) | If the item has any *intrinsic* Perks (Perks that it will provide regardless of Sockets, Talent Grid,and other transitory state), they will be defined here. | [optional] 
**lore_hash** | **int** | If the item has any related Lore (DestinyLoreDefinition), this will be the hash identifier you can useto look up the lore definition. | [optional] 
**summary_item_hash** | **int** | There are times when the game will show you a \&quot;summary/vague\&quot; version of an item - such as a description of its typerepresented as a DestinyInventoryItemDefinition - rather than display the item itself.  This happens sometimes when summarizing possible rewards in a tooltip.  This is the item displayed instead, ifit exists. | [optional] 
**animations** | [**list[ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsAnimationsDestinyAnimationReference]**](ComponentsschemasDestinyDefinitionsAnimationsDestinyAnimationReference.md) | If any animations were extracted from game content for this item, these will be the definitionsof those animations. | [optional] 
**allow_actions** | **bool** | BNet may forbid the execution of actions on this item via the API.  If that is occurring, allowActions will be set to false. | [optional] 
**links** | [**list[ComponentsschemasLinksHyperlinkReference]**](ComponentsschemasLinksHyperlinkReference.md) | If we added any help or informational URLs about this item, these will be those links. | [optional] 
**non_transferrable** | **bool** | The intrinsic transferability of an item.  I hate that this boolean is negative - but there&#39;s a reason.  Just because an item is intrinsically transferrable doesn&#39;t mean that it can be transferred,and we don&#39;t want to imply that this is the only source of that transferability. | [optional] 
**item_category_hashes** | **list[int]** | BNet attempts to make a more formal definition of item \&quot;Categories\&quot;, as defined by DestinyItemCategoryDefinition.  This is a list of all Categories that we were able toalgorithmically determine that this item is a member of.  (for instance, that it&#39;s a \&quot;Weapon\&quot;,that it&#39;s an \&quot;Auto Rifle\&quot;, etc...)  The algorithm for these is, unfortunately, volatile.  If you believe you see a miscategorizeditem, please let us know on the Bungie API forums. | [optional] 
**equippable** | **bool** | If true, then you will be allowed to equip the item if you pass its other requirements.  This being false means that you cannot equip the item under any circumstances. | [optional] 
**damage_type_hashes** | **list[int]** | Theoretically, an item can have many possible damage types.  In *practice*, this is not true,but just in case weapons start being made that have multiple (for instance, an item where a sockethas reusable plugs for every possible damage type that you can choose from freely), this fieldwill return all of the possible damage types that are available to the weapon by default. | [optional] 
**damage_types** | [**list[ComponentsschemasDestinyDamageType]**](ComponentsschemasDestinyDamageType.md) | This is the list of all damage types that we know ahead of time the item can take on.Unfortunately, this does not preclude the possibility of something funky happeningto give the item a damage type that cannot be predicted beforehand: for example,if some designer decides to create arbitrary non-reusable plugs that cause damage typeto change.  This damage type prediction will only use the following to determine potential damage types:  - Intrinsic perks  - Talent Node perks  - Known, reusable plugs for sockets | [optional] 
**default_damage_type_hash** | **int** | Similar to defaultDamageType, but represented as the hash identifier for a DestinyDamageTypeDefinition.  I will likely regret leaving in the enumeration versions of these properties, but for now they&#39;revery convenient. | [optional] 
**hash** | **int** | The unique identifier for this entity.  Guaranteed to be unique for the type of entity, but not globally.  When entities refer to each other in Destiny content, it is this hash that they are referring to. | [optional] 
**index** | **int** | The index of the entity as it was found in the investment tables. | [optional] 
**redacted** | **bool** | If this is true, then there is an entity with this identifier/type combination, but BNet isnot yet allowed to show it.  Sorry! | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


